fix: add missing alt descriptions (#19332)
mdn/content: files/en-us/games/techniques/3d_on_the_web/index.md

Both [Unity](https://unity.com/) and [Unreal](https://www.unrealengine.com/) can export your game to [WebGL](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebGL_API) with [asm.js](/en-US/docs/Games/Tools/asm.js), so you're free to use their tools and techniques to build games that will be exported to the web.

> ![A illustration of 3D representation of three differents geometry shapes displayed on a grey background: the first one is a darker grey torus, the second is a blue cube and the last one is a yellow cylinder.](shapes.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![llustration of three 3D geometry shapes: a grey torus, a blue cube, and a yellow cylinder.](shapes.png)
```
